We have resources in Canada, the Philippines, India, and across the US. We cover all the time zones at this point. So like I said, there is nothing here, kind of built the whole team from the engineering development group to QA group to DevOps to security, and just the past year, we hired another resource, kind of my level who has taken over the engineering group, he's CTO, he's currently on the paternity leave. I'm actually moving into more of a CISO role. but kind of maintaining operations and security and DevOps and part of this as well is what I would say is this job we posted for this position is still under my group as well which is BTM or Key Ass software. And that is primarily on the operational but it is there is development that we have to do as well. Anyway that kind of gives you a little bit of my background we're planning to do quite a bit of deployments next year, we've got a couple of exciting opportunities, not finalized yet but we're very very close to finalizing those which is really gonna help our company grow and really increase a lot of demand for the position we're trying to bring on. It seems you spoke with Dama already. 

(Tuan's voice few secs)
Oh ok, you met with Andrew and Ryan. 
Okay. I almost got you confused with somebody else. okay, I interviewed somebody else for one position, this is the different position that we're talking about. Which position did you hire for? I wanted to make sure we're talking about the same thing. 

(Tuan's voice few secs)
okay perfect.Okay I apologize. I was thinking that I had an interview earlier for one position and I thought this was the 2nd resource. but I'm okay, we're good. alright, having said that let's move on to your kind of background if you don't mind tell me your experience, and the kind of your career, and we'll just go from there.

(Tuan's voice introduction started)
okay very good, so what do you enjoy the most, I'm looking right now at your resume, and it looks like, did somebody already go through your technical interview and kind of talk about how hey how did you go about designing something? did they go through this process? 

(Tuan's voice few secs)
with Ryan okay very good. And so you have been in InfoWorks for quite while. Is it like a consulting firm?

(Tuan's voice long secs)
Okay alright, did you work with just, were you working with different companies and doing different projects with different companies, or was it InfoWorks basically doing, you're doing all these internal projects I just tried to understand. 

(Tuan's voice long secs)
Okay alright, very good.
What things do you as far as development, what do you like the most? do you like the frontend or do you like the backend work?

(Tuan's voice long secs)
So if you have to grade yourself in the frontend and backend, grade 1 to 5
How did you measure your frontend versus backend?

So maybe, I am going to make sure, if you grade yourself in the frontend,
so your frontend is one from one to five, what would your rate yourself?

(Tuan's voice long secs)
I wanted to make sure I understood, okay I didn't quite understand, that's fine.
Let me ask you about what do you prefer writing code? what is your preferred language? you've got a lot of experience here, working with React, looks like a lot of JavaScript, TypeScript, Node.js, Express, you do have graphQL, Postgres, I mean a lot of the points we use, so what's your preference if you had to go to the language and if you had to write down new application, what would you go?
-------------
okay very good. so you have Python and Django, what's your level of experience just scale 1 to 5.
AWS, talk to me a little bit about AWS knowledge and experience.
I see we're bouncing around little bit with my questions I apologize, um normally when I get the resumes before interviews there is a section that has cards, a specific set of questions set up but I just noticed that there were no questions here, so I'm going on top of my head, everything is fine, so No problem, I'm just saying if I'm bouncing around little bit I apologize. Have you used ECS in AWS? Did you do any type of work with ECS? ECS is basically a docker container, so you do know docker containers and you know how to do microservices sounds like. I was gonna ask you a question, I noticed you worked at CrowdStirke. what kind of development did you do there since it's kind of frontend? Where did you work on?
Okay very good, can you talk to or tell me about a situation where kind of difficult where you were given a project, you had a hard time, what steps did you take to get through that challenge?
Which project would you say was something that you are the most proud of? something that you had ownership of, something that you were very proud of.

All right, are you based in TN right now? I was trying to figure out is that where company you're working with right now. It's in TN in Nashville, My daughter lives in Nashville, so I know where the Franklin is. All right, Let's see here. What's the biggest team you've worked with, and have you ever led a team?
Okay very good, that's all the questions that I have.
I'm kind of the last guy that you'd be interviewing, so I'm expecting that my team did most of the betting from the technical side, that I still know, I know I'm hands-on of time even though I'm at the level I'm at. The last 2 days have been very hands-on, we've run into some challenges or so, I have to go in and write scripts and code and trying to get pass somethings, um do you have any questions for me?

Um, probably this was actually the question I was gonna have, in regards to so I'm gonna answer this question and I'm gonna come back to you with the question. Because it was something I did wanna ask you but I just completely forgot.

So the answer is in the last 3 years, basically, we have, when I first came on board, although there was 1 engineer, everything was outsourced to the 3rd party. I was brought in to bring everything in-house. And the 3rd party was very reluctant really provide me the knowledge that I needed with some of our codebase. and I literally had to reverse engineer, a lot of code meaning I had the code but I had to reverse document and understand all the code, that was when I first started when we made this acquisition. About a year and a half ago, we acqwuired a bunch of engineers and some of those have engineers gone. And we've been presented with the same kind of challenge where they really worked, what they call web3. But very siled, so you know if somebody left, nobody knew anything about the code. so which is not the way I operate, It's not the way Brian operates our CTO. THere has to be cross knowledge across the team, so everybody knows what's going on. So the biggest challenges I've had are situations where we've had repositories or codes that are kind of core systems where we've had to go in and make modifications and try to understand what's going on. You know in a typical what I would say in a consulting, kind of role. A lot of times when you're bringing in an outside team, a lot of times, that's exactly what they do. They go in and they look at the code and they basically document the transaction flow. They figure all that out, right? so um that's probably been some of the most challenging times that I've had to face which was one of the things I was going to ask to you is have you and your current position been handed a set of code to say hey whoever the 3rd party was with the client you had, they gave you the code and to say hey you need to fix this, and you had to go back and reverse engineer.
Did you have that opportunity or the time or the ability, or have you experienced that before?

All right very good well hopefully I answered your question, you answered mine as well so any other questions?

As far as make sure I understood you. what's the proudest thing over the last year that we've done? think about that, I mean, there's a lot of things that have been achieved. I think I'm going to go back to organization. you know we were challenged with an acquisition with a bunch of resources that you know unfortunately no longer with us, not by you know us getting rid of them by choice, they left, so I think some of things that I'm proud of is the decisions that we made with bringing in some talented people we're kind of rebuilding the team, um like I said, over the last couple of days, we've been really challenged. We've had a situation, one of the resources that left was the sole owner of an application and it wasn't working right. and we had to work as a team over 48 hours trying to sort through this problem. And we did it, um we resolved it and we did it as a team. Some of the things that I'm most proud of is the resources in the camaraderie were starting to build as a team. we really had kind of a not going to you know pull out dirty laundry if you want to call it that but there really was a kind of a separation between acquisition engineers vs the BitCoin Depot engineers. and there was always kind of a wall and we've now pourned that wall completed down. It's I think there's only two or three people left from the original group. and it's all new people and we're all working together, so I'm really proud of that just from an organization perspective. I'm also proud of the fact that with a lot of hard work, we were able to go public in February. so that was quite a fit, personally I'm proud that I was able to actually ring the bell in at NASDAQ, so so those are the few things that I can think of, but as a team the top thing that I could think of is the way we're starting to deal as a team, and bringing in all the right resources so I think that's probably the biggest accomplishment. you kind of broke up, what did you say?

Yeah I would say work life balance for me is doesn't exist. I'll be real honest with you. um in fact it didn't exist until Brian came in our CTO. he took off a lot of load, he's you know, he's going to be managing the engineers going forward. And like I said, I'm going to be handling security and operations. um you know prior to him joining I basically had everything which is kind of what I have now. I'm responsible for everything. until Brian gets back which will be sometime in Februrary but I do think that you know we have to have a work life balance unfortunately the last two hours or last two days have not been a work life balance I do I push people pretty hard when we have an issue otherwise I just expect people to get their jobs done, make sure they got their work completed you know we don't have necessarily because we're all working remote. It's a little bit challenging to have Camaraderie But we do try to, you know, we do come up with sometimes we'll try to get together, we'll get people together, unfortunately it's more to management level um and regular direct level so that I think that's probably the most challenging is trying to you know build a team, you know work in remote, so a lot of conference calls but for the most part, I think there is a pretty good life balance, with the exception of when there's an issue, we expect everybody to go to contribute and join in and try to fix the problem, you got to be you can't say well you know I put in 48 hours in the last four days, or something like that. And you know just say this is not going to work and I want to say that in the snese that we dont' work that many hours, you know most people work their standard hours, It's only when we have a challenge like we did last week. Um or this week, and so the team worked really hard so I mean we were on a call last night at 11 pm actually finished up at midnight, two days in a row but that was like I said I think it was a great experience, it was something that was needed because I knew it was going to happen at some point we were going to have an issue but it's not an everyday occurrence, not at all. That's the first time that's happened for a long time. I would say this year, with maybe had one of two incidents like this this one was probably the worst one. And it was mainly becauase we didn't have quite the knoweledge that we needed, so anyway I think work-life balance is good we try to do things through virtual, we're supposed to have a virtual Chrismas party. I don't know how that works unfortunately I can't go, because I have my wife has a Chrismas party with her company. Like I said there's different activities that we do. I'm gonna try to incorporate some of those I'm working with brian on that and trying to do some fun activities for the engineering team. 




So it's a little bit difficult because of the time zone difference form some of them, we've got you know 20 plus engineer well 18 engineers in India so you know the time gaps pretty hard. so you'd have to do it probably on a Friday morning um or on a Thursday morning, to kind of make that work for the whole entire team participate, Anyway hopefully I answered your question, 

Yeah I still think we're even though the company has been around since 2016, I still veiw our engineering team as a startup, we're still in that mode what I've done is I've taken a lot of the process and controls that I've basically obtained over my 20 plus years experience and I've added it, our startup environment meaning that we have all the processes in place to basically you know make us look like a big company but we're still a very small company we don't have you know 100 million dollar budgets, you know for doing software development so we have to look at it in a different way, so we're still in the startup mode. Yep absolutely.

Um, you know I think we'll have to reevaluate there's not a big plan to grow the team, next year I think we've have in teh budget I think there's may be three to four resources that we're planning to hire, but that can change because we typically we evaluate where we stand on a quarterly basis, and then based on that I mean you got to understand we're a public company now we have to meet certain numbers, you know the endo f Q4 I mean we'll see how we do but I think Q1 is going to be a little big tighter than normal so we're not going to be hiring a bunch of people although I could tell you that we're hired a bunch of salespeople to kind of grow things and then as I mentioned to you we've got a couple of projects that are pretty high priority are going to be adding, more terminals to our system which will in turn generate more revenue, which is key. But I don't think we're planning to expand and grow in fact we're slowing down growth in India, we were basically hiring more people in India mainly because of cost savings, but now we're planning to kind of stabilize that and keep things steady there and then maybe a few more resources in the US and then we'll reevaluate probably Q2 see where we are

All right thank you so much, appreicate you rtime and you know if there's any questions that you think about feel free to reach out to me, and then I'll kind of circle up with the rest of the team and then we'll go from there. All right you have a great day